# 2025 EOF

#meta

I noticed while writing this post that this blog is 10 years old, it's been quiet for much of that time, but that quiet
spell ended this year. At the start of 2025 [I wrote about](/new-year-new-blog) how I was making it much easier to 'just
post something' because I wanted to write, but it was too much of a faff.

I gave myself one goal: write about something I found interesting every Friday. At the time I said:

> I don't know if this will mean I actually write more, probably not If I'm honest, but the barrier to entry is now
> significantly lower.

I can happily say that I wrote more, a lot more. In the last 12 months I wrote 72 posts containing more than 51k words.
That's significantly more than all previous posts combined.

Something that I didn't write about at the time was how I changed my attitude. I lowered my own expectations, I stopped
worrying, I stopped chasing perfection, and just started posting about things that were interesting and cool to me. I'm
sure no one reads the stuff I write, but that's fine, I write for me not for anyone else.

I felt free to write about non-technical topics like [ponds](/duck-weed), [aquariums](/new-shrimps), [excersize](/half-marathon-kinda),
[decision-making](life-jitter), [geo-thermal](/diy-geothermal), [dishwashers](dishwasher-error-E1), etc.


## Favourite Posts

These are some of my favourite posts from this year:

- [PHP Quicksort 📚](/php-quick-sort) (Feb)
- [Folding@Home Thermostat](/fah-thermostat) (Feb)
- [Thermoelectric Cloud Chamber](/peltier-cloud-chamber) (Mar)
- [2025 Partial Solar Eclipse ☀️](/solar-eclipse) (Apr)
- [RSS In The Wild](/rss-in-the-wild) (May)
- [RSS For Twitter Feeds](/nginx-js-challenge-solver) (June)
- [Kagi Assistant Total Cost Extension](/kagi-assistant-token-tally-extension) (Oct)
- [🍎 Prop'r Cider](/2025-cider-making) (Nov)
- [Bloom Filter 🌼](/bloom-filter) (Dec)
- [Wanderer: A Visual Hash Generato](/wanderer) (Dec)
